you don't even deserve to be here have
you ever seen an X on a treasure map
what have I told you you're sitting on
it and you don't even realize it yet
what if I told you you've just stumbled
on a guild wars 2 gold mine beyond
anything you could have ever dreamed up
you have no clue as to the power of what
you are about to be shown whether you
know it or not you are just three clicks
away from the only guide which is going
to rock it your game to superstardom
yeah I said superstardom not Justin
Bieber and Selena Gomez type stardom I
mean Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie type
superstardom we're talking about a new
awesome guy or even a level one noob
will end up with a maxed-out character
without breaking a sweat and without
spending any serious time in front of a
computer screen you're about to be
handed your own exclusive VIP pass to
tap into these secrets within minutes
you'll find out how easy it is to
totally master Guild Wars 2 find
leveling up in record time get tons of
gold and gems manipulate the trading
post and owned in pvp arenas with every
single profession without spending hours
in front of the computer because if
you're sick and tired of running around
broke with half-assed weapons and armor
using a pathetic low level character
then listen up because this will be the
most important page you will ever read
i'm brad johnson and this is guild wars
2 secrets just Who am I I've been a huge
gamer of everything MMORPG since the
days of World of Warcraft and EverQuest
I've also gone on to play warhammer
online age of conan EVE Online and star
wars the old republic but one thing I
have in common with all these games is
that I've totally dominated them all by
getting the best gear tons of in-game
currency and basically maxing out every
character in every game oh yes I also
bully and pummel every other player in
PvP just for kicks now listen here you
ain't in the country no more this is the
bright lights and big bad city I'm
betting ninety percent of you will run
from this message like scared little
chick
you want to know what I really think go
back to your old gaming habit run around
clueless waste hours trying to solve a
quest when you could have done it within
10 minutes because if every strategy you
know for succeeding in guild wars 2
involves grinding or farming or killing
the same mob over and over again and
expecting a different outcome this isn't
for you this is not for you if you're
convinced it's impossible to level
faster while playing a whole lot less
this is not for you if you are uneasy
about smashing and bullying other
players in PvP with legendary weapons
and armor if that sounds like something
you're not ready for you might want to
head back over to your low level
character sad-ass weapons chicken feed
gold and continuing your grinding
believe it or not I couldn't care less
what you do next I've got all the eight
maxed out characters with tons of gold
and gems to spare and legendary weapons
which is the envy of everyone I have
everything I need in the game this is
not for you and will never be for you
but if you could see yourself exploiting
the insider secrets destined to make
your character level at light speed if
you're brave enough to work the system
and master the trading post if you're
excited at the thought of suiting up
from head to toe and pimped out gear and
legendary weapons and if you want to do
it easily without any nasty hacks dumb
cheats mindless grinding or Chinese
farming if that's you I want you to sit
back shut up and listen up because you
need to hear this here's the ironic
thing go back a few months I was just
like you hell I was you I felt
overwhelmed looking at a sad donkey
character at a pathetic level with
massive fail weapons in gear and getting
shunned by teammates because you just
downright sucked getting owned was a
daily occurrence and I needed a win and
bad now that's you get ready for
everything to change in a flash because
you're about to realize that all the
best techniques and secrets have been
sitting right under your nose but just
hidden from your view prepare to go
behind the scenes to uncover the most
coveted underground techniques and
insider secrets for guild wars 2 now
imagine a character with pimped up gear
all the gold in the world and happily
running around at max cap for all eight
classes do you know how good it really
feels to play knowing that you're an
asset for your team to be so confident
that anyone in your path is going to be
sorry they ever met you this is your
chance to find out and do it without
much effort and struggling because this
guide is going to show you how easy it
is to do it now it's decision time don't
forget that you've got options behind
door number one you can keep up what
you've been doing running around like a
headless chicken and hoping that things
just might turn out well good luck and
you can keep frolicking through the
endless maze of quests bum equipment and
chicken feed gold that's your idea of
fun go for it or you can go with door
number two my door a chance to step into
something real something proven to make
you a guild wars 2 God not just like me
but also like my countless other beta
testers and real-life testimonials or in
the exact same league I am in now and a
chance to do it with someone who will
actually take you on his shoulders when
necessary to take you across the goal
line to make sure you can achieve every
last greedy quest get every legendary
item and have every last gold coin you
could possibly dream up you can keep
imagining that or you can go and get it
not next week or right now the download
button is below if you want access to a
whole new world of guild wars 2 mastery
before it closes you must click that
button now for instant access me and
your new world of endless game-changing
secrets are waiting for you on the other
side and if you pass on this one well
just rack up that to another long list
of failures and I know it won't be the
last one either but for the rest of you
I'll catch you on the flipside